the US dollar continues to fall to a
level not seen since 2015 other
currencies like the Canadian dollar have
risen accordingly remember that all
currencies are floating against each
other today we look at a foreshadowing
of an event one which could result in a
massive crash you came here for the
truth let's get into it right away as we
compare the SMP 500 from 2017 to 1987
now while much time has passed since
1987 it is very clear to me that these
two charts have been tracking each other
precisely and this is over a fairly long
time frame here we're looking at a year
on this chart what is the foreshadowing
well it's pretty obvious we are headed
for a downturn according to this 1987
line does that mean that there will be a
crash
no however they've been tracking each
other so well up into this point who
knows what the future will bring
so we'll keep our eyes closely peeled on
this now I would say that if there were
some fundamentals in these markets then
this won't happen because the events
that occurred in 1987 aren't going to
occur today but the market is traded
with computer algorithms they make up
almost every single trade that takes
place on a daily basis so will they
track what's happening back in 1987 or a
similar event will they continue to
track the performance that was occurring
those years ago well I don't know I
don't know what the computer models are
telling us all I know is that up until
this point these two charts are
identical so it's something to take note
of let's move on here as we look at what
has been happening recently every
several months every few months there's
a new debt ceiling fiasco do we shut
down the government
yes let's shut down the government let's
just do it let's do it we have to do it
there's no way this is gonna happen and
lo and behold they completely turn 180
and everything is just fine all you need
to do is raise the debt ceiling and your
problem is gone for a few months this is
occurring yet again and it doesn't
surprise me one bit they could shut down
the government and it has happened
before
however it's you know that that's
probably the way it should be
anyway they need to reduce the amount
you know the size of it by several times
however that's never gonna happen so we
have temporary glitches along the way
what we are looking at here is the US
Treasury 10 yield and it has not been at
this level since the elections so this
is what has happened recently it has
been a slow and steady decline you could
see the staircase heading downward the
dollar index over the past couple weeks
here has been declining as well and
you're looking at several events which
have taken place which have been
bringing this downward it isn't just one
event and of course every day is a
different day but you can see that this
has been a downward trend so we'll see
where it goes and this is looking at it
on a longer scale going back into 2015
January 2015 that's where the dollar is
sitting at right now this is a level
that we didn't necessarily anticipate
because when we had let's say November
of 2016
everything was rising everything was
doing well and it has taken a major turn
ever since looking at this this is quite
interesting
when you compare gold and look at this
when you see the prices here look at
this curve right and then coincidentally
might be hard to read this is the USD
and the Japan yen look at how exact it
has been mirroring gold it is very
interesting to see that I don't know
exactly what they're up to but I know
that they have computer algorithms that
are running this to ensure that they
stay in their most accurate and concise
form I know that you out there will find
this all interesting as well I'd like to
know what you think about that that's
all for this video
I'll end it there if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
in fact if you think that there is gold
manipulation happening I'd like to know
and if you think there's gold in Fort
Knox I'd like to know and it also like
to know if you think that it really
matters whether the gold is there or not
just something that I have been curious
to know from my subscribers so please do
so in the comments below and I will
reply to you of course as always if you
found this video informative I know
you'll find my books the money in GPS
and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
flip through these books at Amazon links
are in the description below
take care